# 1 UPGRADEABILITY
The Ikon DAO contracts follow a the proxy upgrade pattern (unstructured storage). This pattern relies on low-level delegate calls from through a proxy contract that contains a fallback function which handles the delegation of calls.

The implmentation of the proxy pattern follows the following standard EIP-1967: Standard Proxy Storage which builds on EIP-1822: Universal Upgradeable Proxy Standard (UUPS). 
which allow for upgradeability (EIP-1822) while reducing potential risks of storage conflicts bewteen the proxy contract and its implementation contract. At the same time since storage slots are standaradized and predfined it allows blockminers to extract and properly show information to end users.

In the case of the Ikon DAO, the proxy contract is the main contract that interacts with the implementation contract. The Proxy contract inherits from the Openzeppelin's implementation of UUPS (with unstructured storage). 
In order to mitigate potential risks and pitfalls like damage to logic contract functions are limited to onlyMember (ONLYROLE(MEMBER_ROLE)). Member role inherits from openzepplin Accesccontrol Inumerable contract which allows for setting costum roles and limiting function calls to said roles. furthmore, a timelocker is a the has the ADMIN_ROLE of the proxy which handles upgrades to different implementations ( still needs to be tested thoroughly ). the IkonDAO is the the only upgradeable contract and has does three delegate calls to the governor contract of whom it is the admin, while this can potentially be dangerous since delagate calls should be omitted from the implementation contract. the delegate calls themselves are functions that can only call the propose, and castvote method of the governor. the execution of all functions in the end are handled by the timelocker contract.

# 2 ACCESS CONTROLL DESIGN PATTERN 
so as mentioned before access control is implemented in a way that allows only members to interact with the implementation contract (hasRole(MEMBER_ROLE)). Furthermore only the admin is allowed to execute functions on the ERC20Votes, ERC20 and the ERC721 contract the admin of those contracts is the timelocker contract and handles the execution of the basic functionilaties for the DAO. Next, there is one function on the implementation contract that delegates the minting of ERC20 (a predifined amount) of tokens (if the owner of the ERC20 contract (proxy) does not have enough balance for payouts). However again, this function can only be called by the timelocker, the timelocker itself in theory is not owned by anyone but for the purpose of testing i assigned myself to be the admin of it, but that role can easily be removed for a production ready app. In the end users are only members, and the Admin of all the contracts that define the DAO is a timelocker of which. The timelocker itself can also be updated (pointed to a different timelocker) through a proposal. 

